h1. moocha's git-wiki

bq. Forked from "decklin's":http://github.com/decklin/git-wiki/tree/master



h2. Features

* Standalone Sinatra, no rack
* Self-contained repository – wiki articles saved right inside

* url's under /pages
* magic wiki links to link between articles

* textile, instead of markdown. that's just preference.
* erb instead of haml. i don't like haml

* custom commit messages
* revision history


h2. To-Do

* Revert links
* attachments, somehow
* Style it pretty
* add RSS feeds

h2. Installation and Use



This git-wiki requires Sinatra, Grit, Haml, and RDiscount, all available
on RubyGems. Here's how to create a new wiki and run it:

bq. @git clone git-wiki my-wiki@

bq. @cd my-wiki@

bq. @./git-wiki.rb # and point browser to http://localhost:4567/@

You can still run git-wiki with Rack if you want; create a trivial
config.ru (`require 'git-wiki'; run Sinatra::Application`) and then
run rackup.

h2. Configuration



At the end of git-wiki.rb is a `configure` block (which applies to all
environments). Edit it, or copy it to your rackup script and override
the defaults. You can use this to set different wiki repositories for
development/testing/production if you want.

h2. Caveats




Because we use Grit by modifying the workdir and then calling `git
add`, git-wiki must be run with a non-bare wiki repo. If you want to
clone this repo and then push to it, you should read the [Git FAQ
entry][faq] about the perils of pushing to a repo with a checked-out
workdir.

In practice, you will hopefully never edit the workdir of the "live"
repo directly, so ensuring that receive.denyNonFastForwards is turned
on and adding a post-update hook to reset the index is a reasonable
(if not very clean) work-around.

"FAQ - http://git.or.cz/gitwiki/GitFaq#push-is-reverse-of-fetch":http://git.or.cz/gitwiki/GitFaq#push-is-reverse-of-fetch

h2. License
  
_Copyright (C) 2008 Simon Rozet <Simon@Rozet.Name>_

_Copyright (C) 2009 Decklin Foster <Decklin@Red-Bean.Com>_

DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE

Version 2, December 2004

Everyone Is Permitted to Copy and Distribute Verbatim or Modified
Copies of This License Document, and Changing It Is Allowed As Long
As the Name Is Changed.


TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION:

You Just Do What the Fuck You Want To.